More product name wrangling for Medusa and Reaper. (#452)
k8ssandra/k8ssandra: docs/content/en/docs/faqs/_index.md

* Apache Cassandra
* Stargate, the open source data gateway
* Kubernetes Operator for Apache Cassandra (cass-operator)

> * Reaper for Apache Cassandra, an anti-entropy repair feature for Apache Cassandra (reaper-operator)
> * Medusa for Apache Cassandra for backup and restore (medusa-operator)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Reaper for Apache Cassandra, an anti-entropy data consistency service (reaper-operator)
* Medusa for Apache Cassandra, a backup and restore coordinator (medusa-operator)
```
